feat: Add an open_qf_command setting (#63)
akinsho/git-conflict.nvim: README.md

  default_mappings = true, -- disable buffer local mapping created by this plugin
  default_commands = true, -- disable commands created by this plugin
  disable_diagnostics = false, -- This will disable the diagnostics in a buffer whilst it is conflicted

>   open_qf_command = 'copen', -- command or function to open the quickfix list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  list_opener = 'copen', -- command or function to open the conflicts' list
```
